Fix ISOMIP+ docs (#505)
MPAS-Dev/compass: docs/developers_guide/ocean/test_groups/isomip_plus.rst

geom
~~~~

> The function :py:func:`compass.ocean.tests.isomip_plus.geom.define_thin_film_mask_step1()`
> interpolates the ocean mask from the original BISICLES grid to the MPAS mesh
> in cases with a thin film. This is handled separately from other fields because
> the ocean mask is needed to cull land cells from the MPAS mesh before
> interpolating the remaining fields and because the thin-film region needs to
> be preserved.

Reviewer: The description does need to be modified in the code as well.

```suggestion
The function :py:func:`compass.ocean.tests.isomip_plus.geom.define_thin_film_mask_step1()`
defines an MPAS mesh mask for the ocean domain including cells over the full x- and y-range
in cases with a thin film. Thus, all land cells are included in the ocean's thin-film region.
```

> 

Author: @cbegeman, I'm not sure this is accurate.  Can you verify?
